#summary This page is for reporting issues with iNdependence 1.4 beta
#labels Featured

== Details ==

The issue tracker has become too clogged with bugs and I don't have time to deal with it.  So could everyone report issues with iNdependence 1.4 beta on this page instead.


== If RAM Disk Creation Is Failing ==

If iNdependence is continually failing when creating the RAM disk, then you need to ensure that /Volumes/ramdisk does not already exist before using iNdependence.

To ensure that /Volumes/ramdisk doesn't exist before running iNdependence:

  # Using Finder, run /Applications/Utilities/Disk Utility
  # On the left hand side you'll see a list of .dmg files you've recently mounted.  Eject any that are still mounted (indicated by an inset disk icon underneath the .dmg file name) by selecting the mounted .dmg and pressing the Eject button at the top.
  # After that, use Finder again to run /Applications/Utilities/Terminal and type the following commands:
    * `cd /Volumes`
    * `rm -rf ramdisk`
  # Now run iNdependence.  RAM disk creation should work at this point.


== Current Known Issues ==

  * Wallpaper customization does not work with firmware 1.1.3

  * Google maps current location feature will not work if you SIM unlock using iNdependence 1.4 beta.  This is because when iNdependence SIM unlocks your phone, it installs baseband 04.02.13_G, and this (older) baseband doesn't support that feature.

  * Some people are reporting that when they do a jail break or SIM unlock, the phone boots to text mode, but then hangs and displays the same message over and over again (BSD root: md0, major 2, minor 0).  This is currently being investigated (I'm unable to reproduce it).  To get out of this state, you need to manually put your phone in DFU mode.  To do this: press and hold the Power + Home buttons for 10 seconds, then release the Power button while continuing to hold down the Home button for another 10 seconds.  After that, use iTunes to restore your firmware.  It should detect that your phone is in DFU mode.  If not, try that button sequence again.  The screen on your phone may be blank, but that doesn't matter.

  UPDATE: I think that something bad is happening while iNdependence is creating the RAM disk file and people are ending up with an invalid RAM disk.  In Finder, right-click on iNdependence.app, select "Show Package Contents", then go to Contents -> Resources.  Delete the file called "ramit112.dat".  Now run iNdependence again.

  * If Wi-Fi/Bluetooth/Phone aren't working after performing a SIM unlock, then it's likely that gunlock failed at some point and left your baseband in a bad state (I've had this happen).  However, iNdependence won't detect this failure and will still report that SIM unlock worked.  If this happens, just do a SIM unlock again.  gunlock should work properly the second time around.  NOTE: You can tell that gunlock works if you see a lot of messages on the phone which say "Wrote: 0x800 ...".  If you don't see those messages, then it likely failed.

  * iNdependence almost always hangs *after* creating the RAM disk file.  It never gets to the jailbreak/activate/SIM unlock stage after creating the RAM disk.  It just sits there at the "Waiting for jail break" dialog.  If you don't see the screen of your phone change for more than a couple of minutes after you see the "Waiting for jail break" message, then it's likely frozen.

  WORKAROUND: Quit and restart iNdependence, then try again.

  * iNdependence will not work properly when run from the disk image.  There is no way around this because it needs to create a file within it's application bundle, and it can't do that when it's run from the disk image.

  * I'm unsure about how the new SIM unlock interacts with a phone previously SIM unlocked using iPhoneSimFree.  Anyone who wants to risk this and try it out, please post the results.

  UPDATE: It seems that if you do this, it will work, but you need to run Signal.app each time your phone boots to make it work with the IPSF unlock.

  UPDATE2: fruiteatingbear reports that his previously IPSF unlocked phone works fine after SIM unlocking via iNdependence.  No need for Signal.app

  * Sometimes, if you Activate and then SIM Unlock right afterwards, the SIM Unlock step will only do a jailbreak (not actually SIM Unlock the phone).  If you see "Jailbreak succeeded" after SIM Unlocking, then it didn't work.  If you SIM Unlock a second time, it should work.

  * The "Generating RAM disk" stage can take a long time.  If you want to see what's happening during this stage, run /Applications/Utilities/Console.app and check the Console.log file.  It's likely that you are downloading the 1.1.2 firmware file.  iNdependence will not be frozen up while it's generating the RAM disk.

  * That said, iNdependence can freeze up when it's attempting to jail break and SIM unlock.  If the screen on your phone hasn't switched to the Apple logo within 30 seconds, then it's likely frozen.  You'll need to force quit and restart iNdependence (Alt+Option+Esc, select iNdependence, press "Force Quit").  This is a long-standing bug, and it's due to a faulty API in the iTunes library it uses (MobileDevice).

  * If you were previously SIM unlocked, you will need to do a SIM unlock again after upgrading to 1.1.3.  TurboSIM doesn't work under 1.1.3, and even the IPSF SIM unlock doesn't work without Signal.app.

  * If a phone has been previously jailbroken with ZiPhone, iNdependence will say that it's still jailed.  The reason for this is because ZiPhone does not create the AFC2 service on the phone.  The AFC2 service allows computer-based applications to write to all areas of the phone (not just the Media partition).  So really, ZiPhone only jailbreaks for applications which run on the phone itself (not applications which run from the computer).

  * iNdependence currently does not put Installer.app on your phone.  You'll need to find a standalone copy and then use the Customize tab in iNdependence to install it (see below for instructions).  I am considering adding some sort of feature for this.

== Getting Installer.app onto Your Phone ==

(From john.angus - slightly modified by me)

How I got installer.app working:

  # Get the latest version from here: http://repository.apptapp.com/packages/System/Installer.zip
  # Install the Installer.app file using iNdependence
  # SSH into your phone and issue the following commands:
    * `chmod 777 /Applications`
    * `chmod 777 /Applications/Installer.app`
    * `chmod 777 /Applications/Installer.app/Installer`

== Problems With 3rd Party Applications on 1.1.3 ==

john.angus reported that many 3rd party applications don't work all that well on 1.1.3 because they are run as user "mobile" instead of user "root".  Meaning, they won't have permission to write files to certain locations on the phone, and do other things which "root" can do.  This is not a problem with iNdependence, it's a bug in those 3rd party applications (assuming they are being run as root).  You'll have to wait until the developers update their applications.