#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Featured

===What Versions of Mac OS X/iTunes/iPhone Firmware Is iNdependence Compatible With?===

It's been tested and is known to work on Intel and PPC Macintosh systems running Mac OS 10.4.10, 10.4.11, and 10.5.1 and with iTunes versions 7.3 - 7.5.

It's also been tested and is known to work with iPhone firmware 1.0, 1.0.1, 1.0.2, 1.1.1, and 1.1.2.

===Do I need any other applications besides iNdependence to jailbreak/activate my phone?===

No, iNdependence does everything itself (doesn't rely on any external applications or special activities on your phone).  The only exception to this is for SIM unlocking where the anySIM application is used.

===I have a brand new phone with firmware 1.1.1/1.1.2 installed on it.  How do I jailbreak/activate it?===

In order to jailbreak and activate a 1.1.x phone which is not jailbroken already, you must first downgrade your firmware to version 1.0.2, then jailbreak and activate it, install SSH, get it connected to your computer via Wi-Fi properly, perform the "Pre Firmware Upgrade", then upgrade to 1.1.1 or 1.1.2 using iTunes, then jailbreak and activate it again.  Instructions for all of these steps are contained in the iNdependence help files (available from the Help menu when running iNdependence).

Another option if you have a 1.1.2 phone is to downgrade to 1.1.1, use the jailbreakme.com website to jailbreak your phone, install SSH, perform the Pre Firmware Upgrade in iNdependence, then upgrade to 1.1.2.

===I have a jailbroken 1.1.1 phone and want to upgrade to 1.1.2.  How do I do this so that I am able to jailbreak it again on 1.1.2?===

In this case, you do not need to downgrade to 1.0.2.  You can simply install SSH, get your phone connected to your computer via Wi-Fi properly, perform the "Pre Firmware Upgrade", then upgrade to 1.1.2 via iTunes.  After that, you will be able to jailbreak and activate it.  Again, detailed instructions for this are contained in the iNdependence help files (available from the Help menu when running iNdependence).

===I previously used anySIM 1.0/iUnlock to SIM unlock my 1.0.x phone.  Now I want to upgrade to 1.1.x and SIM unlock again.  What should I do?===

Before you can upgrade to 1.1.x, you need to revirginize your baseband.  anySIM 1.0 and iUnlock had a problem whereby they would cause certain important parts of your phone's permanent memory to be overwritten.  This causes major problems when you upgrade to 1.1.x and a new baseband is installed.

So you need to "virginize" those areas of memory again.  Instructions and programs for doing this can be found on the iPhone Elite website.

http://code.google.com/p/iphone-elite/wiki/RevirginizingTool

===The Pre Firmware Upgrade is failing?  What gives?===

First thing, check to ensure that you can SSH into your phone by opening /Applications/Utilities/Terminal and typing:

ssh root@<your phone's IP address>

and then entering your password if you are prompted to do so.

If that doesn't work, then iNdependence will not be able to do the Pre Firmware Upgrade.  The biggest cause of this problem is a bad Wi-Fi connection between your computer and your phone.

If you can SSH into your phone from your computer, then try typing a few commands on your phone (cd .., cd /, etc) and see what happens.  If you are disconnected at any point, or it locks up, then either your phone is going to sleep at some point, you have a bad Wi-Fi connection between your computer and your phone, or the shell on your phone isn't working properly (the default iPhone shell is notoriously flakey).

To make sure your phone doesn't go to sleep at any point, change Settings->General->Auto-Lock to never.

If you have a flakey Wi-Fi connection, then I can't really help you with that.  Make sure your phone is fairly close to your computer.

In order to replace the shell on your phone, you'll need to use an SFTP program to upload a new shell program to /bin/sh.  Instructions for doing this are beyond the scope of this FAQ.

=== I'm using firmware 1.1.2, and anySIM is causing problems for my phone.  What do I do?===

There are some known problems with using anySIM on firmware 1.1.2.  Please have a look at the iPhone Elite website for details:

http://code.google.com/p/iphone-elite/